So how are RLDS instance large ON A W-S and to connect to does post-career sequel instance.
I'm using the post Tiko app which is a very lightweight co-aligned for connecting to post-career sequel
instances on Mac OS and of hers.
You can use puji adamant within any environment that you have pajama's MS simply works on Mac OS Linux
and Windows of course and Politico is really simple and I highly recommend you to do to manipulate your
audience instance for like simple tasks and basically about anything.
So if you have created and downloaded posts Tiko I'm going to lunch.
Post the code to connect to my RLDS instance and I'm going to show you dat.
R r d s instance is publicly accessible from the network or over the Internet.
So let's just type in post Tiko and within the post Tiko it is asking me to provide a nickname for my
database so I'm going to say postscripts sequel both 3 and 40.
HOST I'm going to go to my AWOS Casal and within my postscript sequel the B and if I just go back here
it is now available so I can connect to it and if I hit to my D-B name under the K'NEX section I can
see the end point for my database which is the DNS provided by AWOS instead of an IP.
So I'm going to use that as my host and I'm going to use five four three two as my port and for the
user.
Let's check out our RLDS creation and see what we have for the user.
So I'm going to use the my post postgresql password as my password.
And let's just say postscripts and forward the password.
I'm going to just paste it in.
And the database name is my postscripts he call database.
All right.
So if I'm going to hit the connect button right now and the pulse Tiko can't find the identity of a
with us this is kind of funny but you're going to have to hit connect.
And here we go for connected to our RLDS postscripts he called instance or a W-S.
And as you can see that we can simply query our database and we can check out the default catalogues
and schemas on our database just like that.
And here we go.
We can just browse our baby and we can't even typing something as cool queries against our database.
And let's just type in a simple query and let's just execute it.
And you can see that Arcuri is working and can be validated against the pulse Grisi call instance.
So this is the maybe the simplest way to connect to your audience post-career sequel instances.
And I highly recommend using the post Tiko for that purpose.